Privacy Policy

Published February 22, 2021

PLEASE SCROLL DOWN AND READ THE TERMS OF USE BELOW.

1. Introduction

Welcome to THEBADCC, LLC (“Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”). Here we describe how we collect, use, and handle your personal data when you use our websites at thebad.cc (hereinafter referred to as “Services”). We use your data to provide and improve our Services. By using our Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use and other supporting documentation (the “Terms”). Our Terms govern all use of our Services and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (collectively the “Agreement”).

2.  Definitions

“Services” means any service provided on our websites, including but not limited to https://thebad.cc any related sites operated by us, and all related development and application sites.

“Personal Data” means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

“Usage Data” is data collected automatically either from the use of Services or from Services infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

“Cookies” are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

“Data Controller” means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data is, or will be, processed. 

“Data Processors” and “Service Providers” means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

“Data Subject” is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

“User” is the individual using our Services. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

 

3.  Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Services to you. 

 3.1 Account Information 

We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you sign up for an account or upgrade your subscription plan. These information might include your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address. 

3.2 Personal Data

While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

(a) Email address

(b) First name and last name

(c) Phone number

(d) Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

(e) Cookies and Usage Data

3.3 Your Content 

Our Services provide secure, efficient and organized file collection and storage systems for you to store, track, share, and transmit your files, documents, photos, comments, messages, and so on (“Content”). To do that, we may store, process, and transmit your Content as well as data related to it. We may store and transmit your profile information and contact information  that makes it easier to collaborate and share your Content with others, as well as things like the size of the files, time they were uploaded, viewed, modified, and so on. 

3.4 Usage Data

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Services or when you access Services by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When you access Services with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

3.5 Location Data

We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Services, to improve and customize our Services. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Services at any time by way of your device settings.

3.6 Tracking Cookies Data

We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Services and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.

Examples of Cookies we may use: 

(a) Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Services.

(b) Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

(c) Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

(d) Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.

3.7 Other Data 

While using our Services, we may also collect the following information: gender, age, date of birth, place of birth, passport details, citizenship, registration at place of residence and actual address, telephone number (work, mobile), details of documents on education, qualification, professional training, employment agreements, non-disclosure agreements, information on bonuses and compensation, information on marital status, family members, social security (or other taxpayer identification) number, office location and other data.  

4. Use of Data

We use the collected data for various purposes:

(a) to provide and maintain our Services;

(b) to notify you about changes to our Services; 

(c) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose to do so; 

(d) to provide customer support; 

(e) to improve our Services; 

(f) to monitor the usage of our Services;

(g) to detect, prevent and address technical issues;

(h) to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide;

(i) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including billing and collection purposes;

(j) to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;

(k) to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;

(l) in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;

(m) for any other purpose with your consent.

5.  Retention of Data

We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.   We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

6. Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

7. Disclosure of Data 

We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide for the following purposes:

7.1 Disclosure for Law Enforcement. 

Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities. 

7.2 Business Transaction.

If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.

7.3 Other cases. 

We may disclose your information also:

(a) to our subsidiaries and affiliates;

(b) to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;

(c) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;

(d) for the purpose of including your company’s logo on our website;

(e) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;

(f) with your consent in any other cases;

(g) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.

8. Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

9. Services Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services (“Services Providers”), provide Services on our behalf, perform Services-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

10. Analytics

We may use third-party Services Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.   

11. Children's Privacy

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (“Child” or “Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 18. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

12. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Services, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

13. Contact Us 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: thebadcc@outlook.com.
