TERMS OF USE
Published February 15, 2021
PLEASE SCROLL DOWN AND READ THE TERMS OF USE BELOW.
These Terms of Use (this “Agreement”) governs your use of all digital products and services (each, a “Service”) from THEBADCC, LLC and its subsidiaries (“we”, “us”, “our”) or through various third-party platforms and devices (e.g., mobile and tablet). By using any Service, you agree to these conditions. Please read them carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, you should not engage or transact with any Service. 
IF YOU ARE TRANSACTING WITH A SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY TOKEN OR SMART CONTRACT, PLEASE CAREFULLY REVIEW ANY SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS BEFORE YOU FINALIZE YOUR TRANSACTION.
1. Changes to this Agreement 
We may change the terms of this Agreement at any time by notifying you of the change in writing or electronically (including without limitation, by email or by posting a notice on the Service that the terms have been “updated” or similar words). The changes also will appear in this document, which you can access at any time by going to the Terms of Use which are made available through a website or to the Legal area of those Services which are made available as an application. By using a Service after changes are made to this Agreement you signify that you agree to be bound by such changes.
2. Privacy
All data and other information we collect about you are subject to our Privacy Policy. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country as determined by us in our sole discretion, and by using a Service, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country. If your access to a Service has been provided by or through a third-party (each, a “Third-Party”), the Third-Party may have provided us with information about you to enable us to provide you with access to the Service and distinguish you from other users (such as your email address or name). If you transact with a Service using a password, pin, or other encryption device, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of that password, pin or other encryption device. 
3. Fees and Payments
You must be 18 years of age or older to transact with any Services or any other content, product, or service offered by us through the Services. If you are less than 18 years of age and want to make any such transaction, please ask your parent or guardian to complete the purchase on your behalf. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we do issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. You are responsible for any fees or charges incurred to access a Service through an Internet access provider or other Third-Party service.
5. Service Policies.
By using a Service, you may subject to additional Service policies and terms. Please read these carefully. We reserve the right to change these policies and terms at any time and you should refer to them frequently.
6. Other Platforms; Third-Party Payment Services.
6.1 Other Platforms. If you access a Service through a mobile application or other type of third-party platform, the applicable End User License Agreement for the mobile service through which you downloaded the mobile application may apply in addition to the terms of this Agreement and you agree that you are subject to such application or platforms terms in addition to this Agreement.
6.2 Third-Party Payment Services.  From time to time, we may use a third-party not affiliated with us, including distributed and decentralized protocols (e.g. Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc.), to process payments for a Service (a “Third-Party Processor”). You agree that this Third-Party Processor is solely responsible for controlling, handling, processing, or fulfilling purchases processed through its systems. When using such Third-Party Processor, you may be subject to additional terms of use/service and privacy policy(ies) of the Third-Party Processor.
7. Intellectual Property; Limitations on Use.
7.1 Intellectual Property.
The text, graphics, images, video, artwork, metadata and other data, design, organization, compilation, look and feel, advertising and all other protectable intellectual property, including but not limited to any copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, patent rights, or database rights (the “Content”) available through the Services are our property or the property of our advertisers and licensors and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Unless you have our written consent, you may not use, sell, publish, distribute, retransmit or otherwise provide access to the Content received through the Services to anyone.
7.2 Additional Restrictions on Use of the Content.
7.2.1	You agree not to rearrange or modify the Content available through a Service. You agree not to display, post, frame, or scrape the Content for use on another website, app, blog, product or service, except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement. You agree not to create any derivative work based on or containing the Content. The framing or scraping of or in-line linking to the Services or any Content contained thereon and/or the use of webcrawler, spidering or other automated means to access, copy, index, process and/or store any Content made available on or through the Services other than as expressly authorized by us is prohibited.
7.2.2 You further agree to abide by exclusionary protocols (e.g., Robots.txt, Automated Content Access Protocol (ACAP), etc.) that may be used in connection with the Services. You may not access parts of the Services to which you are not authorized or attempt to circumvent any restrictions imposed on your use or access of the Services.
7.2.3 Except as otherwise provided, you may not create apps, extensions, or other products and services that use our Content without our permission. You may not aggregate or otherwise use our Content in a manner that could reasonably serve as a substitute for a subscription to a Service.
7.2.4 Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Content may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable federal, state, local laws, or applicable foreign laws, rules, regulations and treaties. We require users to respect our copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights and shall enforce same.
7.2.5 You may not access or view the Services with the use of any scripts, extensions, or programs that alter the way the Services are displayed, rendered, or transmitted to you without our written consent.
7.2.6	You agree not to use the Services for any unlawful purpose. We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your access to a Service if, in our opinion, your use of the Service may violate any laws, regulations or rulings, infringe upon another person's rights or violate the terms of this Agreement.
8. User Generated Content.
8.1 User Content. We offer you the opportunity to comment on and engage in discussions regarding our Content, including any Content published on Third-Party Services. Any Content, information, graphics, audio, images, and links you submit as part of interacting with our Services or in connection with any of the foregoing activities are referred to as "User Content" in this Agreement and are subject to various terms and conditions as set forth below.
8.2 Cautions Regarding Other Users and User Content. You understand and agree that User Content includes information, views, opinions, and recommendations of many individuals and organizations and is designed to help you gather the information you need to help you make your own decisions. Importantly, you are responsible for your own investment decisions and for properly analyzing and verifying any information you intend to rely upon. We do not endorse any recommendation or opinion made by any user. We do not routinely screen, edit, or review User Content. However, we reserve the right to monitor or remove any User Content from the Services at any time without notice. You should also be aware that other users may use our Services for personal gain. As a result, please approach messages with appropriate skepticism. User Content may be misleading, deceptive, or in error.
8.3 Grant of Rights and Representations by You. If you upload, post or submit any User Content on a Service, you represent to us that you have all the necessary legal rights to upload, post or submit such User Content and it will not violate any law or the rights of any person. You agree that upon uploading, posting or submitting information on the Services, you grant us, and our respective affiliates and successors a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sub-licensable right and license to use, distribute, publicly perform, display, translate, adapt reproduce, and create derivative works from your User Content in any and all media or technology, now known or later developed, in any manner, in whole or part, with or without attribution, without any duty to compensate you.  You waive all moral rights you may have in any User Content. You agree that we may modify or alter your User Content without seeking further permission from you. You also grant us the right to authorize the use of User Content, or any portion thereof, by Subscribers and other users in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the rights to feature your User Content specifically on the Services and to allow other Subscribers or users to request access to your User Content, such as for example through an RSS Feed. You agree that you are financially responsible for any claim against us arising from or related to any User Content you create.
8.4 Removal. We may also remove any User Content for any reason and without notice to you. This includes all materials related to your use of the Services, including email accounts, postings, profiles or other personalized information you have created while on the Services.
8.5 Rules of Conduct. All users must comply with the Community Rules.
9. Contest and Promotions.
From time to time, we, our advertisers, Suppliers or other parties may conduct promotions and other activities on, through or in connection with one or more the Services, including, without limitation, contests and sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”). In some case, you may be able to win a prize (“Prize”) as part of a Promotion. Each Promotion may have additional terms and/or rules or eligibility requirements which shall be posted or otherwise made available to you in connection therewith in accordance with applicable law.
10. Third-Party Web Sites, Services and Software
Your use of any third-party websites, content, data, information, applications, goods, services or materials (collectively, “Third-Party Services”) does not constitute an endorsement by, nor does it incur any obligation, responsibility or liability on our part or of our affiliates. We do not verify, endorse, or have any responsibility for Third-Party Services and any third-party business practices (including, without limitation, their privacy policies), whether the Services' or our logo and/or sponsorship identification is on the Third-Party Services as part of a co-branding or promotional arrangement or otherwise. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third-Party Service you use.
11. DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY.
11.1 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT, TOOLS, MEMBER BENEFITS, PRIZES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES IS ON AN "AS-IS", "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT GIVE TAX OR INVESTMENT ADVICE OR ADVOCATE THE PURCHASE OR SALE OF ANY SECURITY OR INVESTMENT. YOU SHOULD ALWAYS SEEK THE ASSISTANCE OF A PROFESSIONAL FOR TAX AND INVESTMENT ADVICE.
11.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. THEBADCC, LLC AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, ADVERTISERS, SUPPLIERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS AND LICENSORS ("THEBADCC PARTIES") WILL NOT BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON AS A RESULT OF YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES OR SUCH CONTENT, TOOLS, MEMBER BENEFITS OR PRIZES FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS AND LOST REVENUES (COLLECTIVELY, THE "EXCLUDED DAMAGES"), WHETHER OR NOT CHARACTERIZED IN NEGLIGENCE, TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF ANY OF THEBADCC PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF OR COULD HAVE FORESEEN ANY OF THE EXCLUDED DAMAGES, AND IRRESPECTIVE OF ANY FAILURE OF AN ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF A LIMITED REMEDY. OUR TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (1) US$500 OR (2) THE FEES THAT YOU PAID TO USE THE RELEVANT SERVICES IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. IF ANY APPLICABLE AUTHORITY HOLDS ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN THEBADCC PARTIES' LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST POSSIBLE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
12. Arbitration.
12.1 The parties acknowledge that any statutory or common law claims related to intellectual property may require forms of equitable relief that are best administered by courts; accordingly, the parties agree that except for statutory or common law claims related to intellectual property and disputes that qualify for small claims court, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, will be resolved by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator will be entered in any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction located in the County of Kent in the State of Michigan. For more information about arbitration, the AAA and the arbitration process, please consult the American Arbitration Association web site at adr.org . You agree that by entering into this Agreement, you and we are each waiving the right to trial by jury, except as otherwise stated above. Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted and, by entering into this Agreement, you are giving up the ability to participate in a class action. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope, application, and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for the court to decide. As stated in Section 13 below, Michigan law applies to any arbitration under this section, but the parties acknowledge that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. This agreement to arbitrate shall survive termination of this Agreement. This arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you.
12.2 The arbitrator may award money or equitable relief in favor of only the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. To reduce the time and expense of the arbitration, the arbitrator will not provide a statement of reasons for his or her award unless requested to do so by both parties. Unless both you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
13. General. 
13.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the final and entire agreement between us regarding your use of the Services and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous oral or written agreements regarding your use of the Services.
13.2 Discontinuation. We may discontinue or change the Services, or their availability to you, at any time. 
13.3 Assignment; Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is personal to you, which means that you may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement to anyone. No third-party is a beneficiary of this Agreement. 
13.4 Governing Law. You agree that this Agreement, as well as any and all claims arising from this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, United States of America, without regard to any conflict or choice of law principles. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
13.5 Venue. For all litigation which may be brought, subject to the requirements for arbitration hereunder, with respect to any controversy or claim, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any relationship between us, the sole jurisdiction and venue for such litigation will be an appropriate federal or state court located in the County of Kent in the State of Michigan.
13.6 Waiver. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement or to respond to a breach by you or other parties of this Agreement shall not in any way waive our rights to subsequently enforce any term or condition of this Agreement. 
13.7 Severability. In the event any provision in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
13.8 Precedence. In the event of any direct conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms incorporated within a Service, then the terms of the Service shall prevail only to the extent.
